# AWS Glue ETL and Orchestration


[AWS Glue](https://aws.amazon.com/glue/) is a serverless data integration service that makes it easy to discover, prepare, and combine data for analytics, machine learning, and application development. AWS Glue provides all the capabilities needed for data integration so that you can start analyzing your data and put it to use in minutes instead of months. AWS Glue provides both visual and code-based interfaces to make data integration easier. Users can easily find and access data using the AWS Glue Data Catalog. Data engineers and ETL (extract, transform, and load) developers can visually create, run, and monitor ETL workflows with a few clicks in AWS Glue Studio. Data analysts and data scientists can use AWS Glue DataBrew to visually enrich, clean, and normalize data without writing code. With AWS Glue Elastic Views, application developers can use familiar Structured Query Language (SQL) to combine and replicate data across different data stores.

AWS Glue consists of a Data Catalog which is a central metadata repository; an ETL engine that can automatically generate Scala or Python code; a flexible scheduler that handles dependency resolution, job monitoring, and retries; AWS Glue DataBrew for cleaning and normalizing data with a visual interface; and AWS Glue Elastic Views, for combining and replicating data across multiple data stores. Together, these automate much of the undifferentiated heavy lifting involved with discovering, categorizing, cleaning, enriching, and moving data, so you can spend more time analyzing your data.

During this Immersions Day Workshop, you will walk through how to create and parameterize a glue job. And then create an event driven architecture using Step Function and MWAA as the orchestration services